c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\bin\Debug\Save the Humans.exe
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\bin\Debug\Save the Humans.pdb
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\bin\Debug\Save the Humans.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\Save the Humans.exe
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\Save the Humans.pdb
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\MainPage..g.i.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\MainPage..g.cs
c:\users\vg140\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\MainPage..xaml
C:\Users\vg140\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\vg140\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\vg140\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\vg140\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Save the Humans\Save the Humans\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
